Add guide about custom API authentication (#10312)
apache/airflow: docs/security.rst

          -H 'Cache-Control: no-cache' \
          -H "Authorization: Bearer ${ID_TOKEN}"

Roll your own API authentication
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> Each auth backend is defined as a new Python module. It must have 2 defined methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each auth backend should be defined as a new Python module. It must have 2 defined methods:
```
